Cheers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheers
Boston
1982-1993
NBC
Ted Danson
Sam Malone
Cheers.jpg

The show is set in the titular bar in Boston, where a group of locals meet to drink, 
relax and socialize. At the center of the show is the bar's owner and head 
bartender, Sam Malone, who is a womanizing former relief pitcher for the 
Boston Red Sox. The show's ensemble cast introduced in the pilot episode 
are waitresses Diane Chambers and Carla Tortelli, second bartender Coach 
Ernie Pantusso, and regular customers Norm Peterson and Cliff Clavin. Later 
main characters of the show include Frasier Crane, Woody Boyd, Lilith Sternin, 
and Rebecca Howe. 


M*A*S*H
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M*A*S*H_(TV_series)
Korean War
1972-1983
CBS
Alan Alda
Dr. Benjamin "Hawkeye" Pierce
MASH.JPG

The show was an ensemble piece revolving around key personnel in 
a United States Army Mobile Army Surgical Hospital (MASH) in 
the Korean War (1950–53). The "4077th MASH" was one of several 
surgical units in Korea. Early seasons aired on network prime time while the Vietnam War 
was still ongoing; the show was forced to walk the fine line of 
commenting on that war while at the same time not seeming to protest 
against it. The show's discourse, under the cover of comedy, 
often questioned, mocked, and grappled with America's role in the Cold War. 


Friends
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friends
New York City
1994-2004
NBC
Jennifer Aniston
Rachel Green
Friends.jpg

Episodes depict the friends' comedic and romantic adventures and career 
issues, such as Joey auditioning for roles or Rachel seeking jobs in the 
fashion industry. The six characters each have many dates and serious 
relationships, such as Monica with Richard Burke (Tom Selleck) and Ross 
with Emily Waltham (Helen Baxendale). Ross and Rachel's intermittent 
relationship is the most often-recurring storyline; during the ten seasons 
of the show, they repeatedly date and break up.


The Wonder Years
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wonder_Years
California
1988-1993
ABC
Fred Savage
Kevin Arnold
TheWonderYears.png

The show's plot centers on Kevin Arnold, son of Jack and Norma Arnold. Kevin's 
father holds a management job at NORCOM, a defense contractor, while his mother 
is a housewife. Kevin also has an older brother, Wayne, and an older 
sister, Karen. Two of Kevin's friends and neighbors are prominently featured 
throughout the series: his best friend, Paul Pfeiffer, and his 
crush-turned-girlfriend Gwendolyn "Winnie" Cooper. Storylines are told 
through Kevin's reflections as an adult in his mid-30s, voiced by Daniel Stern.


All in the Family
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_in_the_Family
Queens
1971-1979
CBS
Carrol O'Conner
Archie Bunker
AllInTheFamily.jpg

All in the Family is about a working-class White family living in Queens, 
New York. Its patriarch is Archie Bunker (O'Connor), an outspoken, narrow-minded 
man, seemingly prejudiced against everyone who is not like him or his idea of 
how people should be. Archie's wife Edith (Jean Stapleton) is sweet and 
understanding, though somewhat naïve and uneducated; her husband sometimes 
disparagingly calls her "dingbat". Their one child, Gloria (Sally Struthers), 
is generally kind and good-natured like her mother, but displays traces of her 
father's stubbornness and temper; unlike them, she is a feminist. Gloria is 
married to college, later graduate student, later college instructor Michael 
Stivic (Reiner)–referred to as "Meathead" by Archie–whose values are likewise 
influenced and shaped by the counterculture of the 1960s.


The Donna Reed Show
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Donna_Reed_Show
Suburbia
1958-1966
ABC
Donna Reed
Donna Stone
TheDonnaReedShow.JPG

This show was the first TV family sitcom to feature the mother as the center 
of the show. Reed's character, Donna Stone, is a loving mother and wife, but 
also a strong woman, an active participant in her community, a woman with 
feelings and a sense of humor. According to many of Reed's friends and family, 
Reed shared many similarities to the character that she portrayed on screen, 
implying that the fictional Donna Stone was a near-identical copy of Reed herself.


The Big Bang Theory
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Big_Bang_Theory
Pasadena
2007-2019
CBS
Johnny Galecki
Leonard Hofstadter
TheBigBangTheory.png

The show originally centered on five characters living in Pasadena, 
California: Leonard Hofstadter (Johnny Galecki) and Sheldon Cooper 
(Jim Parsons), both physicists at Caltech, who share an apartment; 
Penny (Kaley Cuoco), a waitress and aspiring actress who lives across 
the hall; and Leonard and Sheldon's similarly geeky and socially awkward 
friends and coworkers, aerospace engineer Howard Wolowitz (Simon Helberg) 
and astrophysicist Raj Koothrappali (Kunal Nayyar).


The Andy Griffth Show
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Andy_Griffith_Show
Mayberry, NC
1960-1968
CBS
Andy Griffth
Andy Taylor
AndyGriffth.jpg

The series revolves around Andy Taylor (Andy Griffith), the sheriff of the 
sleepy, slow-paced fictional community of Mayberry, North Carolina. His 
laid-back, level-headed approach to law enforcement makes him the scourge of 
local moonshiners and out-of-town criminals, while his abilities to settle 
community problems with common-sense advice, mediation, and conciliation 
make him popular with his fellow citizens. His professional life, however, is 
complicated by the repeated gaffes of his inept deputy, Barney Fife 
(Don Knotts). Barney is Andy's cousin and best friend. At home, widower 
Andy raises his young son Opie (Ronny Howard), assisted by his maiden aunt 
and housekeeper, Aunt Bee (Frances Bavier). Opie tests his father's parenting 
skills season after season, and Aunt Bee's ill-considered romances and 
adventures cause her nephew concern.


